# Student-Management-System
A simple Java + MySQL + CSS + HTML Student Management System
Purpose: The primary function of Student Management System is to provide easy, secure, and digital accessibility to the coaching education institutes to keep records of their students safe and secure. The project is a solution to the problem of maintaining large sized data manually, which is time-consuming and has more chances of human error. The motivation behind this project is that education is transforming digitally, aiming for security, efficiency, and ease.
Design/methodology/approach: This system is designed in two phases, one is backend, which is developed by using Java core programming, MySQL for database management, and Java servlet technology for interacting with the server, and the second is frontend, which is developed by using simple formatted HTML and CSS.
Findings: The implementation of this project is to provide a simple web interface to manage student data effectively and efficiently. it provides functionality like adding ,deleting or updating any students information easily . it has an auto-increment ID system and unique email address constraint which do not allow duplication. It can be accessed from anywhere.
Originality: This projects use Java technologies for website design which is unique, unlike traditional ones. Unlike traditional management systems, it integrates modern technologies and web-based accessibility. This design can be upgraded, and new functions can be added easily like course wise marks, etc.
